well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
elephant in the room we're going to talk
about something i have attempted
to avoid talking about because i don't
actually think it's beneficial
in most ways to to talk about it and
treat it as a realistic
possibility um
[Music]
it's one of those things that the media
is currently leaning into
and treating as if it's something that
that
that realistically could happen and i
don't think they should be in fact i
personally believe it's pretty
irresponsible of them to do that and i
think they know
that it's not realistic because they're
not bringing in the experts
who know about it to say yeah this isn't
really going to happen
so today we're going to talk about what
would uh
what a sitting president would need
to use the u.s military to maintain
control after he or she loses an
election
let me start by saying in context of
today
and what's going on right now if trump
is going to attempt to
subvert the election undermine the
constitution he's going to attempt to do
it
through the courts he's not going to use
the military
and we're going to go through the
logistics necessary to pull off what is
being suggested
and and kind of hopefully set people's
minds at ease
okay in this hypothetical scenario
you have a sitting president he has lost
his popularity contest he is outgoing he
doesn't want to leave
fine he wants to use the us military
to pacify the country in order to
maintain control
what does he need first actual control
of the military
real control of the actual military
the media is making it seem as though
these
positions that were shuffled around
recently gave him control of the
military that didn't happen
those are political appointees they're
not even in the military
that is civilian control of the of the
military it's a concept we have in this
country it's really important
this is one of the reasons why
if trump or any president was to give
the order to those appointees
the next thing that has to happen is
they have to tell the actual military
people with stars on their shoulder
that that's about to go down they have
to convince them to go along with it
in this case if we're using today as an
example
those political appointees would be
meeting with flag rank officers who have
already
expressed their displeasure over much
much less
they didn't want active duty military
involved in
suppressing civil disturbances a few
months ago
they didn't want them down at the border
they actively undermined
these measures giving the people down at
the border orders
to not actually have any contact
whatsoever
with those crossing
those political appointees have to
convince them
to mobilize the us military
to subvert an election
i can tell you right now i would not
want to be the person walking into that
room to try to explain that to him i
don't know that that person would leave
it's not likely he doesn't have the
active duty
assets required to make it happen
so his other alternative would be to go
to retired generals
and there are a handful of retired
generals
who a commanded the respect necessary
to get the troops to go along with it
and b have the skill set necessary to
make it a thing to make it happen
the person that fits the bill most in my
opinion is general thomas
who has already actively and openly
spoken against the idea
of not even using troops but just
casting that opinion that casting that
idea
through words he got mad because
somebody referred to the u.s
as a battle space this is a person who
normally keeps their opinions to
themselves
but just the idea caused him to speak
out
he's not going to go along with it those
with the skill set to make this happen
know the dangers of it and they're not
going to participate
so then trump has to go to people who
are
less than qualified historically when
this happens
the generals who were passed over in
that process
they go to the opposition that in this
case in this
hypothetical scenario they'd go to biden
that would be the most lopsided
strategic battle in history
realistically from the flag rank
officers needed to make this happen
he doesn't have it that is step one
that is step one step two is the
logistics so let's just forget about the
fact that he doesn't have the people
necessary
the high ranking people necessary to
make it happen
the logistics what do you need same
thing you need for anything else
planning
speed surprise and violence of action
that's what you need
the trump administration is not known
for their planning capabilities
speed once the decision is made once
people have been shuffled around and
you've got your
your little meeting with everybody
smoking cigars and drinking brandy
talking about you know being masters of
the universe and all that
the plan has to be enacted like pretty
much right then
otherwise people get cold feet otherwise
people talk
um to others and
risk telegraphing the plan
there's a whole lot of stuff it has to
be done immediately
it wasn't you need surprise in this case
it would be surprising the american
population
if trump attempted this would you be
surprised no of course not
i mean he might as well just put it on
twitter that he was thinking about it or
at least
entertaining it
well he did actually kind of when he
talked about the peaceful elect anyway
the point being is that he doesn't have
the element of surprise and you need
that for this to go down because the way
it works is
the person who is taking power or
is trying to maintain power
basically has to walk out and be like
hey that guy who was gonna take power or
who
was already in power he fell down the
stairs
and now i'm in charge don't worry it's
just temporary we're gonna have a new
election
and everything will be back to normal
that's how it works
there has to be the element of
legitimacy
so it can't appear planned if it went
down right now it would certainly appear
planned
so that's how he doesn't have that
and then you need violence of action
against whom
even generals that don't have the skill
set to actually pull this off they've
read the manual
they know that sending out troops
and providing that security clampdown is
going to create
resistance not pacify the country
so on the logistical side of things the
four things he needs to actually make
it happen he has none he doesn't have
the flag rank officers and he doesn't
have the logistics
now let's talk about material he doesn't
have the numbers
i have an entire video somewhere where i
actually break down the numbers on this
to pacify a country the size of the
united states with the population of the
united states
you would have to have an immense amount
of
manpower if we were to pull back
every single active duty troop from all
over the world
deploy them domestically deploy
everybody that's garrisoned in the
united states
activate the inactive and active
reserves and bring them all back
we would almost have the minimum number
necessary to pretty much guarantee a
failure
the manpower doesn't exist and that
isn't taking into consideration the
just massive amounts of variations in
terrain
and the fact that the united states has
more guns than people
these are things that aren't uh really
even factored into this
at the end of the day out of the stuff
necessary to make this a reality
the current administration has none they
don't have any of it
this isn't realistic could he attempt it
and cause a bunch of chaos
absolutely he's captain chaos he could
certainly do that
but as far as it getting anywhere
it's not it's not realistic it isn't
something you should be
scared about certainly it's not
something you should be worried about
consider it as a thought exercise more
than anything
because it's good to think about things
like this but realistically given the
current climate
it's not a thing if he's going to
attempt to hold on to power and subvert
the constitution he's going to do it
through the courts
not with the military
okay so
that being said hopefully that puts your
mind at ease there is a learning
experience here though
what uh let's say it does happen
okay the percent of a percent of a
percent of a percent of a percent
and it does happen all of a sudden we
find ourselves outgunned outmanned
outnumbered outplanned right
what do we need how do we resist
the subversion of the united states
government the destruction of the
constitution
absolute tyranny what do we need who do
we need
we need everybody right we need
everybody everybody along the spectrum
because when people think about soldiers
they think about people holding rifles
right that's what they that's what
they're really picturing
they're picturing the guy out there in
the field the person
out there actually engaging the
opposition in reality that's only ten
percent of the military
for every one person you have out there
pulling a trigger
you have ten people typing on keyboards
building bridges both figurative and
literal
running logistics supplies all of this
stuff engaging
in civil affairs propaganda that kind of
stuff
you need all of it war is a continuation
of politics by other means
with that in mind how should we
approach politics we need everybody
everybody along the spectrum yes some
people are going to advance
further faster but you still need
everybody else you still need those
people
that make up the main body you still
need those people in the rear
that's how you build a movement rather
than a bunch of individual moments
right now and i'm hoping it's just due
to everybody being charged
because of the election there is a lot
of people
a lot of different groups out there who
are
generally aligned they're headed the
same direction
but they're fighting with each other
instead of cooperating
that should probably stop hopefully this
shows that
because at the end of the day if
we're treating politics as war we have
to act like it
we need everybody we need total
mobilization we have to stay engaged
otherwise we'll suffer a defeat
now i want to just reiterate
realistically not just trump
but any president using the military to
maintain control
of the population after losing an
election is not
it's not a realistic possibility it's
not something you should be worried
about it shouldn't be keeping you up at
night
is there a slim chance that it could
occur yeah
i mean there's a slim chance that
anything could occur
but there are a lot of there are a lot
of safeguards in place
intentional ones and then there's
the pragmatic considerations of what it
would take to actually succeed
again he could cause a bunch of chaos
absolutely it's like his thing
sure but as far as it getting anywhere
it's just not a realistic possibility
and i don't think the media should be
treating it as if it is
because it's scaring people and it's
heightening tensions
when we should be going the other way
we should be treating this as if there
is no realistic way for him to maintain
control
because when it comes to government
authority it's all an
illusion if people believe he can
well that actually makes it more likely
that he can
government authority is an illusion
government has authority because people
believe
it does if they don't believe it
it doesn't have any authority all it has
is might
and that might gets divided
at the end of the day any government
should have consent of the governed
it does not appear that president trump
has that
so that's how we should treat it in my
opinion
and if the media is going to cover it
and they are going to
continually push this idea they need to
bring people on
who actually understand this particular
type of political violence
and they're they're out there they exist
and they're all pretty much saying that
this isn't a thing
it's not it's not realistic if he's
gonna attempt to maintain control he's
gonna do it through the courts
um i just i i want to reiterate that as
much as possible because
we keep seeing the media lean into it
and i i think that's a horrible idea
on a bunch of levels anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day